In this video, we're going to go through setting up ingress engine X on our Google Cloud cluster yet
again.
Now, this is going to end up being really easy and straightforward, so let's just get to it.
I'm going to first go to the official documentation for Ingress Engine X yet again.
I'll then go to deployment.
I'll then go down to the mandatory command.
So the mandatory command is this one right here.
I'm going to copy that command.
I'll go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to make sure that I'm connected to the correct context.
So if you are still running Docker for Mac or Docker for Windows, you'll want to open up that Kubernetes
menu and just make sure that you're connected to the GCC or Google Kubernetes engine context right there.
Well, then go ahead and paste that command in and run it.
Now.
It'll take just a moment or two to create all the appropriate objects.
There we go.
Everything's been created.
And now if we go back over to the installation directions, you'll notice that there is a little bit
of additional setup that we have to go through if we are using Google Cloud.
So I'm going to click on that Google Cloud link right there.
And you'll see that it is telling us to run this one additional command.
So I'm going to also copy that.
GC GCC command.
Go back over to my console again and paste it.
There we go.
All right.
Well, that's pretty much it for that setup.
We have now installed Ingress Engine X on our Google Cloud cluster.
So now we need to update our host file again so that whenever we try to go to ticketing dev rather than
having it loop back to our local machine, we want to redirect it to that remote cluster.
So let me just give you a quick reminder of what Ingress Gen X is really doing for us and what the step
right here really, truly means.
So we took a look at this diagram a while ago.
You might recall that I told you that at some point in time we were going to deploy our cluster to some
cloud provider, such as Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure.
So the commands that we just executed created two things for us.
It created first in Ingress Controller.
That's the thing that runs inside of our cluster that has some of our routing rules tied to it.
But it also created something else.
It created something called a load balancer.
This is tied directly to Google Cloud.
It's essentially a Google Cloud thing that is running outside of our cluster entirely.
So whenever we want to connect to our cluster now, we really want to attempt to connect to this load
balancer right here.
This is really relevant for when we go to update our host file because we need to at some point enter
an IP address inside there.
So when we go to our host file and we enter in the IP address, so we actually want to connect to whenever
we go to ticketing dev, we want to enter in the IP address of this load balancer.
To get the IP address for that load balancer.
We're going to look it up on the Google Cloud dashboard.
So, again, when we just ran those commands.
It created this load balancer for us, which means we should be able to go to the Google Cloud Load
Balancer page on this menu on the left hand side.
And we should see that a load balancer was automatically created for us by our Kubernetes cluster,
or more specifically, by ingress engine x.
So I'm going to scroll down on the left hand side and go to the section called Networking.
Then inside of networking.
I'm going to find network services and go to load balancing.
And then sight appear.
We're going to see a load balancer that was created for us.
It's got a randomly generated name and it apparently is pointing to our back and server.
Now, you might notice a little warning right here, right now, something that says two instances are
unhealthy.
That's totally okay.
We're going to ignore that for right now.
I'm going to click on that load balancer that was just created for us, and it's then going to give
us the IP address that our load balancer exists at.
So again, this is the IP address of the load balancer that was created for us by the Ingress Engine
X stuff.
So that is the IP address that we want to tell our host file to connect to any time that we try to go
to ticketing Dev.
So let's open up our host file right now and enter in that IP.
I'm going to copy that IP address.
I'll then go over to my terminal and open up my Etsy host file yet again.
Of course, if you're on windows, you'll want to make sure that you open up your host file on a Windows
machine.
Again, that's some file inside the system 32 directory.
I'll then find ticketing Dev and I'm going to update the IP address like so.
So now whenever we type in ticketing dev into our browser, we're going to actually connect to our load
balancer inside of Google Cloud.
Yes.
I'm going to save this.
I get that permissions ere again.
So enter my password.
And I'm good to go.
All right.
So that is it.
It's now, in theory, less than we have to do is restart scaffold.
When we restart scaffold, it should reload our off or I shouldn't really say reload.
It's going to take our deployment config file and deploy it to the Google Cloud cluster.
It's also going to take our set of routing rules and apply them to that cluster as well.
So let's do that final test in the next video.